Update TRANSFORM docs (#122)
Volue-Public/energy-smp-docs: docs/mesh/calculations/functions/transform.md

zone argument to TRANSFORM is omitted, the configured standard time zone with no
Daylight Saving Time enabled is used.

| Symbol | Description               |
| ------ | ------------------------- |
| MIN    | Fixed 1 minute interval   |
| MIN5   | Fixed 5 minute interval   |
| MIN10  | Fixed 10 minute interval  |
| MIN15  | Fixed 15 minutes interval |

> | MIN30  | Fixed 30 minutes interval |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MIN15  | Fixed 15 minute interval |
| MIN30  | Fixed 30 minute interval |
```
For consistency?

| HOUR   | Fixed hour interval       |
| DAY    | Fixed day interval        |
| WEEK   | Fixed week interval       |
| MONTH  | Fixed month interval      |
| YEAR   | Fixed year interval       |

## Transformation methods

> All the `TRANSFORM` functions take a a transformation method argument which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the `TRANSFORM` functions take a transformation method argument which
```

determines the values and flags of the output time series. The following
subsections document the valid transformation methods.

Transforming from breakpoint to any resolution uses the "finer to coarser"
table, as does the `@TRANSFORM(t, t, s)` function.

### Transforming from a finer to a coarser resolution

| Symbol | Description |
| ------ | - |

> | SUM    | The sum of the values included in the base for this value.<br/><br/>Does not consider how long the values are valid, i.e. a break point series with two values in the current interval that will give the sum of these two values. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| SUM    | The sum of the values included in the base for this value.<br/><br/>Does not consider how long the values are valid, i.e. a breakpoint series with two values in the current interval that will give the sum of these two values. |
```

> | SUMI   | Integral based sum with resolution second. Calculates the sum of value multiplied with number of seconds each value is valid.<br/><br/>Value equal 1 at the start of the day will give 86400 as day value if the base is one break point series and 3600 if this is an hour series with only one value on first hour. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| SUMI   | Integral based sum with resolution second. Calculates the sum of value multiplied with number of seconds each value is valid.<br/><br/>Value equal 1 at the start of the day will give 86400 as day value if the base is one breakpoint series and 3600 if this is an hour series with only one value on first hour. |
```

> | AVG    | For fixed interval series. Sum of all values in accumulation period divided by number of values in the accumulation period (24 for hour series that is transformed to day series).<br/><br/>For break point series: Mean value of the values included in the base for this value. Does not consider how long the values are valid, i.e. a break point series with two values in the current interval that will give the mean value of these two values. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AVG    | For fixed interval series. Sum of all values in accumulation period divided by number of values in the accumulation period (24 for hour series that is transformed to day series).<br/><br/>For breakpoint series: Mean value of the values included in the base for this value. Does not consider how long the values are valid, i.e. a breakpoint series with two values in the current interval will give the mean value of these two values. |
```

Reviewer 2: @erny-powel I think "that" makes this ambiguous?

Author: 👍, removed.

| LAST   | Last value in the accumulation period. This is the functional value at the end of the accumulation period, unless there exists an explicit value. |
| MIN    | Smallest value in the accumulation period. |
| MAX    | Largest value in the accumulation period. |

### Transforming from a coarser to a finer resolution

| Symbol | Description                                                                                         |
| ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| SUM    | The sum of the result values for expanded period equals the value in the input data series.         |
| AVG    | The mean values of the result values for expanded period equals the value in the input data series. |

For `@TRANSFORM(t, s, s)`, `@TRANSFORM(t, s, s, s)`, and `@TRANSFORM(t, d, s)`
the implementation chooses `SUM` if the method string contains (case insensitive)
`SUM`, and `AVG` otherwise. This behaviour is deprecated and may be removed in
a future version, preceded by tooling to identify erroneous cases. We strongly
recommend using `SUM` or `AVG` instead of for example `SUMV` or `AVERAGE`.

> If the input time series is time zone aware we only allow `SUM` or `AVG`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the input time series is time zone aware, we only allow `SUM` or `AVG`.
```

> ## `TRANSFORM(t, s, s)`

Reviewer 2: @erny-powel Do we need the "code" formatting of headings? I think it could be better without:

<img width="298" height="52" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f71cdd30-20c2-448b-808c-78d52c5309bf" />

Author: 👍, removed.
